>> Nina Zakharenko: You saw me use pip
to install requests in
introduction to Python.
That all happened very fast, and
I didn't really talk about where
I might go to find out more information
about the request package that I use.
So PyPI,
>> Nina Zakharenko: PyPI
lives at pypi.org.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And
you can find, install,
publish Python packages with
this Python Package Index.
So here I could search for
requests, and as
of right now,
there are 172,000 stored in PyPI.
So I can search for requests,
and we'll see a few things here.
Now, it looks like request
three is a name squat.
>> Student: It's not up yet,
that's why they put that there.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah, so this isn't
quite the package that we're looking for.
Let's look at this one, and
this is a version number.
And here we go,
it says it gives us a project description.
So it's the Non-GMO HTTP Library for
easier HTTP consumption, and
we can look at the release history,
we can download the files.
The project will usually have
a link to the home page.
>> Nina Zakharenko: We can click here
to view the statistics for this.
And,
>> Nina Zakharenko: Looks like this
is a specific version, but these should
just post statistics right here.
We'll see who the maintainers
are kind of on the left-hand side,
what the license is,
the development status,
if it's just a beta version,
and which versions it supports.
And this is a really,
really great tool, a great resource.
You can search for
all sorts of external packages here.
And to install this library, we'll give
you setup instructions right here.
So the new,
you'll see pip being used here,
but the new recommended way
of installing packages, and
I'm gonna exit out of my repl.
So I would say, don't do this.
Because as we talked about, as you install
more versions of Python on your system,
you'll usually have a Python 2 and
a Python 3.
You end up with multiple versions of pip.
And if you don't use the right one,
or depending on your system setup,
you could install your external libraries
to the wrong place using the wrong path.
So the safest way of doing this is
to be in your virtual environment.
And then you just, you know exactly
where python points, right.
I say python-version here.
I know that it's my python 372 from my
environment because it's activated.
So the better way of doing this is to
say python -m, which means Python,
run this as a module, and
give the name of the module as pip.
And then you can say install requests.
This way you're guaranteed
to have the right path.
And when you're first starting out,
or actually,
just in general,
it's important to know your packages.
So there are a lot of packages on PyPI.
Sometimes they're not up to date.
A good way of checking, we'll see here,
we can look at the product homepage.
By the way,
that pip install is right here.
Actually, let's look at the base requests,
that's the one that we've been using,
this is the base version.
And you'll see when it was last released,
so if the package was last released
in 2016, chances are that this
is probably not very popular.
Let me see the statistics for
this library.
Here we go.
So if you click on this,
the libraries.io link, you should
see some helpful information here.
And it will show you how
many dependencies it has.
It will show you how many
dependent packages there are in
dependent repository.
So 124,000 projects on
GitHub use this library.
It's one of the most popular in Python,
if not the most.
37,500 stars, etc.
So this is a good place to go
to see if your package is legit.
You should also click
through to the GitHub.
Check out the code if you want to.
So it's good practice to copy and
paste this exact command.
There is a button right here
that will help you do that.
If you make a typo and
don't type in the correct package name,
there have been known to
be typo squatters, right.
So packages with security vulnerabilities
that take advantage of people
mistyping these package names, and
then they'll go and install
a malicious version of the library.
So there's some security
considerations here.